1.	Bellabeatt is a successful small company, but they have the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market and we need to gain market insights into how consumers of smart health products are using their smart devices to guide marketing strategy for the company and to provide recommendations for the marketing team. The wearables industry has shown strong growth in the last few years. In 2018, manufacturers shipped 122.6 million units worldwide, and are projected to expand to 190.4 million units by 2022. Smartwatches and wrist-worn fitness trackers were the primary drivers of this growth, accounting for 95% of the market in 2018, and are expected to shape the market in 2022 as well. The popularity of these devices derives from the wide range of monitoring capabilities including notifications, alarms, music control, auto sleep and other functions that smartwatches and fitness trackers can offer. So, by identifying and analyzing user patterns Bellabeat could create a tailored experience for its upcoming users. 
2.	For this case study, Kaggle data set Fitbit Fitness tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobious) has been used. 
Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. The dataset includes information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits. 
It would be more precise if more datasets were given. And some datasets had fewer participants which made the datasets unusable.

3.	I have used R to clean and analyze the data. Excel, SQL, and Tableau could have been used rather than R. The Duplicate data tool could have been used to remove duplicate data in Excel. Tableau could be useful to visualize data more precisely.
4.	I used a simple straightforward way to analyze and organize the data. I could have classified the users by activity considering the daily number of steps. Sedentary is less than 5000 steps a day and very active is more than 10000 steps a day Then we could specifically analyze each group to produce more accurate results. And give the user a more appropriate output.

5.	The visualization of hourly activity vs intensity is quite promising. It shows which time of the day the participants are most and least active. We could use this idea and use this in daily graphs of users. To find out which day the users are most active, or which seasons we could get more data. This could produce more appropriate results.
6.	I did not analyze weight or heart rate data. Weight data could be used to analyze if the participants are healthy. If the daily high-intensity workload is creating an effect on their body. Or if the weight of the participants directly affects their sleep cycle or BMI.
We could analyze the minute data to gain more insight into the participants' daily activity. And if their activity is raising their heart rate at moments. 
